5.0 updates to System.Text.Json docs (#21108)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/serialization/system-text-json-converters-how-to.md

[!code-csharp[](snippets/system-text-json-how-to/csharp/RoundtripStackOfT.cs?name=SnippetRegister)]

## Handle null values

> By default, the serializer does not pass `null` to custom converters for reference types and primitive value types on serialization and deserialization:

Reviewer: The serializer does pass `null` to value type converters, which normally would throw a JsonException. However, for some converters, like the built-in converter for the value type `JsonElement`, it writes a `null` value if the internal value is `JsonTokenType.Null`.

Also in 5.0 there is now a `HandleNull` public virtual that says whether or not to handle null.

At least this was the behavior in 3.1. cc @layomia ?

Author: My summary of default behavior without the HandleNull set to true comes from https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/34439

Reviewer 2: @steveharter is correct and dotnet/runtime#34439 should be updated.

```suggestion
By default, the serializer does not pass `null` to custom converters for reference types on serialization and deserialization. `JsonTokenType.Null` is passed to custom converters for value types on deserialization.
```

* For reference types, it returns a `null` instance on deserialization.

> * For primitive value types, it throws a `JsonException` or returns a default value, depending on if there's an internal converter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For primitive value types, `JsonTokenType.Null` is passed to the converter on deserialization, which either throws a `JsonException` or returns a `default` value, depending on if there's an internal converter for the type, or given the implementation of a user-provided converter.
```

* It writes `null` directly with the writer on serialization.

This behavior is primarily to optimize performance by skipping an extra call to the converter. In addition, it avoids forcing converters to check for `null` at the start of every `Read` and `Write` method override.

> For `Nullable<T>` value types, the serializer does pass `null` to converters because it isn't a valid CLR value for value types. This way, the converter can determine what to do with this "invalid" token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For  value types, the serializer passes `JsonTokenType.Null` values to converters on deserialization because it isn't a valid CLR value for value types. This way, the converter can determine what to do with this "invalid" token.
```
